Xiaobai
Are you serious?
I know I will forget
Can't take care of him
So
I will give you all our property
Here's the deal.
Hello
Which side is just the transaction?
I promise you.
Jiangnan, have you really thought about it?
The road is a 10% blessing
If the market value exceeds 10 billion, you will give it to me.
It's useless for me to keep it
This is what I owe you to the private
Open Sky Pool
Since you married me for these shares
Then I'll give it to you.
Is it your best friend?
Vice President
Recently, Lu's stock market has frequent trading records
And the amount is huge
I suspect someone is making a stick out of it
Do you want to check it out?
Is there anything in the rich?
Ah, not yet.
It's called an apple.
Lu Songlin Zheng
What do you think?
Is Lu Enterprises mine?
Whatever the flood
What does it have to do with me?